Added a warning about custom SQL queries using Magento data adapter n… (#9126)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/ext-best-practices/extension-coding/security-performance-data-bp.md

Raw SQL queries can lead to potential security vulnerabilities and database portability issues. Use data adapter capabilities ([`Magento\Framework\DB\Adapter\Pdo\Mysql`]({{ site.mage2bloburl }}/{{ page.guide_version }}/lib/internal/Magento/Framework/DB/Adapter/Pdo/Mysql.php){:target="_blank"} by default) to build and execute queries and move all data access code to a resource model. Use prepared statements to make sure that queries are safe to execute.

{:.bs-callout-warning}

> Building and executing custom queries with Magento data adapter doesn't automatically make them secure. Always be sure to use sanitization methods on dynamic data you use in your queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building and executing custom queries with Magento data adapter does not automatically make them secure. Always be sure to use sanitization methods on dynamic data you use in your queries.
```

Author: Thank you for the CR @BarnyShergold! Contraction removed.
